When are you coming home?
I'm almost there.
Oh, dear.
- Are you coming home from work? - Yes.
- Did you throw away the trash? - Yes.
Did you eat?
Yes, I did.
Ji Won.
Let's eat.
You're so skinny.
Okay.
Here.
See? Isn't it great to have home-cooked meals?
I feel better too.
Even if you're really busy,
come down, and eat here.
Okay, I will.
Don't just say it.
Should we invite people on 13th and 14th floors too?
That sounds good. I'll look into it.
Sure. Eat.
Okay. Thank you for the meal.
By the way, I'm really sorry.
Why?
I have to go to the store.
I want to stay until you're done eating,
but my husband wants me right now.
- You should go, then. - Okay.
Right. Leave Jin Jin alone.
- Why? - I told her to come downstairs,
but she wanted to be left alone and hid beneath a blanket.
- You know what she's like. - I do.
Eat all you want. There's more rice in the cooker.
- Okay. - Bye.
- See you. - Sure.
Leave whatever's left. I'll put everything away.
- Okay. - Bye.
Oh, and there's fruit in the fridge.
- Eat that if you want. - Okay.
- See you. - Bye. Take care.
Not again.
I ran upstairs.
- My present. - What?
You said you'd give me something for working hard.
Give me my present.
There.
- That's it? - Yes.
I'll give you one too.
That hurt.
(The 11th story: Tian Mi Mi, as Sweet as Honey)
(Episode 21)
What did you do today?
I worked. I read scripts.
To see if there's anything worth starring in.
- I wanted to know. - Know what?
Whether you'd gotten up, gone swimming,
eaten, what you ate, whether it was good,
whether you thought of me when you ate, or wanted to eat together.
- What? - It's so strange.
- What is? - You're different.
So what? Do you not like it?
No, I like it.
You almost made me upset.
Shall we watch a movie later?
I haven't watched the DiCaprio one yet.
Some other time. I have something else to do tonight.
At night? What?
- Won't you play with me? - I want to.
It's so that I can play with you.
- Ji Won. - Hey.
- Soju, please. - Okay.
How badly did you want soju?
This is an excuse. I wanted to see you.
That's nice to hear whenever you say it.
Cheers.
- Did you get back safely from Jeju? - Of course.
- Jin Jin too? - Yes.
It couldn't have been easy...
shooting in the cold before she'd fully recovered.
- Take good care of her. - Okay.
Chul Min, you know...
Just a moment.
Jeong Eun.
Lee Chul Min, Lee Chul Min, Lee Chul Min.
- What is it now? - Just listen.
One, a genius triple-board surgeon whose into thoracic surgery,
neurosurgery, and emergency medicine.
Two, a rich public defender who's an eighth-generation only son.
Three, a criminal profiler with an IQ of 160 who...
feels no emotions.
What do you want to be?
- Why are you so excited? - Those scripts are going around.
The chief said he'd try to get us a role.
He liked you on "We Got Married".
You should act with Sa Jin Jin.
Not Jin Jin again. I said no.
The chief likes you.
- What do you want me to say? - He's just being polite.
No. I trust the chief.
He has a temper, but he's loyal.
I'm so pleased. All that groveling paid off.
I'll stay loyal to him forever.
You'll end up badmouthing anyone in broadcasting soon.
Do you have to burst my bubble?
I'm not bursting anything.
Jeong Eun, let's not take this too seriously.
Why do things that will only hurt us?
I told you to treat everyone like a furnace.
A furnace?
Stay close enough but not too close.
Chul Min.
You'll be named a saint when you die.
Fine.
Did you get some good news?
Jeong Eun keeps getting too excited for her own good.
You seem to be quite popular these days.
"We Got Married"?
I owe it all to Jin Jin.
I'm so grateful.
Why should you be grateful? You earned the spotlight.
You're the only one in the world who says that.
You and Jeong Eun, I mean.
Wait, no.
You, Jeong Eun, and Jin Jin.
Oh, what did you want to say?
- What? - You called me over.
Oh, the soju tastes great tonight.
Especially because I'm with you.
Let's drink up, then.
(Taxi stand)
(Available)
- Hello. - Hello.
I have a thing for women with nice ankles.
Hey. Get in.
You don't sound cool at all.
Your car isn't at all welcoming.
It lacks humanism.
- Why are you here? - Me?
This and that. A few reasons.
- Like what? - Well...
I was passing Kimpo plains,
and I found myself at the airport. Whom does an airport remind me of?
You, the best flight attendant ever.
I had a feeling that you'd have landed right about now.
I'm like a cricket with feelers.
Do crickets have feelers?
Anyway, that's how I ended up here and...
You can tell in 0.1 second...
whether or not you can kiss the guy.
That's not normal.
It's on my route home.
I can always drop you off.
That's impossible.
Do you think that makes sense?
Does it not make sense? Really?
Yes. I think I'm crazy.
Crazy, totally crazy, a complete nutcase.
Yes, you're right. I'm a nutcase.
Open your door.
What if I get fat like a sweet bun?
Don't worry. You're pretty no matter what.
Jin Jin, come eat.
Where did she go?
You're so ugly.
Would that help?
You don't know a thing about soft and flawless skin of a woman.
I don't just know a thing about their skin.
I know everything.
I'm pretty cool, you know. I'm very popular.
What's he saying?
Hey, Min Ho.
How's this?
- It's weird. - It's too gloomy, right?
Give me one second.
What about this one?
The one before was better.
This is too fancy, right? Give me one more second.
- What do you think? - That's so-so.
So please stop asking this to a family member.
Just come eat.
All right.
Isn't this great? It's so homey now.
Thanks to Ji Won, our house is full.
Ji Won, be careful because it's hot, but eat a lot.
It's fish cake made with fish caught in Jeju Island.
Okay.
You talk about no one else but Ji Won.
Ji Won, you might as well pack up and move in.
Just get married to her. You look like their son-in-law.
Mom, get the water ready, and Dad, go get a chicken for a party.
Of course, I can give Ji Won a hundred chickens.
Why would you get a chicken? And don't call him your son-in-law.
And you. Stop saying that.
If you say that again, I won't let you live.
Unbelievable. Why are you all angry?
Ji Won should be the one who's angry.
Look at how he's fine.
It doesn't sound so bad to me.
Wait, do you...
still get beaten up by her?
You little...
[VIU Ver] E21 20th Century Boy & Girl
"Tian Mi MI, as Sweet as Honey"
-= Ruo Xi =-
- Ji Won. - Yes?
Are you recycling the garbage all right?
Do you want me to come and clean your house?
You need to clean up your fridge and your sink too.
Oh, it's okay. I barely ever use the fridge and the sink.
You still need to clean them up.
Anyway, forget about it. I'll manage.
Okay.
- She's here. - So what?
Stop.
Right, Jin Jin.
Do you have the autographs? I'm going to a reunion in two days.
I need 50 of them.
- I'll do it. - Goodness.
You never listen when I ask you the first time.
- I'll do it. - My goodness.
Goodness.
- What? - What?
What is it?
Oh, what's for dinner today?
What?
What do you want? Do you want anything?
I want pork cutlet.
Do you like pork cutlet that much?
Yes.
My gosh, okay.
I can give you a ride.
It's okay. I'm going to the office after I swim.
- Do you have work to do? - Yes.
Then have a great day.
Remember to eat well.
You too.
Let's go.
Ji Won.
What should I do...
about "We Got Married"?
I want to stop shooting "We Got Married".
Me too. I want to stop too.
What will you do with those?
Gosh, you always take things a bit too far.
Why do you always do everything so diligently?
Who would ever shoot "We Got Married" as sincerely as you?
They want you and Anthony to be married for life.
You're banned from getting a divorce.
To be frank, it's not the time...
for you to be so happily married with Anthony, you fool.
- It's not that... - That's not everything.
They sent over boxes of adult sex toys.
I'm so angry. I won't let those perverts live.
I wasn't the one who wanted to do this.
You made me do it. This all began with a prank cam without asking me.
I apologize.
But I had no choice.
I needed a way out too.
Is there anything else you aren't telling me?
Did you ever meet Anthony privately?
He's too busy for that. Why would he meet me?
You still don't get it, do you?
It's not just about the show.
You have to be careful...
in your everyday life. You do know that, don't you?
Let's not make this into a big deal, okay?
(Lawyer Jang Young Shim)
- Lawyer Jang. - Yes?
If you're finished with Hanbit Construction's contract...
from last Saturday, please pass it onto me.
And check the personal turnaround documents for Mr. Yang once again.
Okay.
They aren't urgent, so you can go home early today.
Right, you probably got your monthly pay this afternoon.
Great job this month.
Thank you.
Lawyer Kang, by any chance,
do you want some fried chicken?
Aren't you hungry?
Since I got...
my monthly pay today,
I'll buy. Do you want to go to the pub out front?
Do you like beer?
I like the atmosphere. I like having drinks with friends.
- Enjoy. - Thanks.
- Cheers. - Okay.
You seem like a good drinker.
Oh, I'm not that good among my friends...
- You can relax. - Okay.
Work isn't easy, is it?
I'm sorry that I'm sloppy in many ways.
Well, everyone can be sloppy at work.
Cheers.
You're quite a drinker.
Have another glass.
- Can we have another glass of beer? - Coming up.
Mr. Kang.
I think you're drunk.
Shall we call it a day?
- Pardon? - Should we go home?
I'm okay.
You're a heavy drinker.
- Let's go home after this one. - Okay.
- No rush. - Okay.
Mr. Kang.
Let's go home. Oh, dear.
- Lawyer Jang. - Yes.
- Jang Young Shim. - Yes.
Sit down.
Please speak.
Are you going to be five minutes late again?
I'm not late these days.
So are you going to be late again?
I won't be late.
- I trust you. - Sorry?
I trust you, Lawyer Jang.
- Taxi! - Mr. Kang.
Don't be late, Young Shim! Okay?
I'm sober now.
When you've known each other for a long time,
can you develop feelings for them?
- No. - No.
Why? Did something happen?
Nothing happened.
I swore not to get married.
You should all swear it too.
- Young Shim. - Yes?
- Swear you won't get married. - Okay. I won't get married.
Okay. Welcome to the club.
- Jin Jin. - Yes.
Join the club.
Okay.
She'll join for sure. Right?
Why are we doing this?
You're one of us, so you have to join.
Get a document notarized so that we don't get any traitors.
- Okay. - What happens...
- once I swear not to get married? - What do you mean?
We'll just be like this. We'll have each other even when we age.
Okay. Let's go to a retirement home and enjoy life.
It's all good.
Ji Won, you have to join too.
- I'm not joining. - Why not?
- Are you seeing someone? - Are you?
He doesn't have anybody. He's got nothing.
You're automatically in.
Goodness.
Oh, dear.
- Guys, I need to use the bathroom. - Okay.
Me too.
What now? Why are you following me?
I'm going to the bathroom too.
Why did you sit next to me?
- Why did you hand me the chicken? - Sorry?
I can eat by myself. And why did you give me the tissue?
I always do that.
Anyways, what if those two notice?
Notice what?
I don't know.
It's cold.
- That was funny. - No way.
Ji Won, aren't you going to the convenience store today?
I'm not. I'm going straight home today.
I'm going home too. I miss my mom so much.
That's not what you said before.
Why would you ask for trouble?
Hey, do you know how it feels to live alone?
You get so lonely and gloomy.
It's like a deep, deep ocean...
- Fine. Come. - Let's go.
- See you. - Bye.
Bye.
Let's go.
Don't do that. What's wrong with you?
- Are you embarrassed? - What's that? Don't.
Why? There's nobody here.
What's wrong with you?
Did you see Ji Won?
He was staring at Jin Jin the whole time.
I'm going to die because I'm so lonely. That punk.
Do you think they'll last more than three days this time?
Who knows? It's them.
When's the 100th day anniversary?
February 13, 2018.
What?
Why?
How do you know about Deputy Yoon's baby's anniversary?
- What? - How do you know Deputy Yoon?
How do you know him?
Do you like joking with me that much?
Does it make you happy?
I wasn't joking with you. That was a compliment.
You're so smart, Jin Jin.
You're a genius.
(Episode 22 will air shortly.)